Dear Professional ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 4 ; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger plus nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% & decrease perceived waiting time by 110% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Arkansas tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% ! Best regards . Dear Salaryman ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 3 
; Section 302 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 59 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and how 
many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds and use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
of Idaho tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . For God's sake, 
order now . Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
God Bless ! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 3 , Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 74 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed society seems to be moving faster and faster 
and people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 100% plus increase customer response 
by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in 
Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Thanks . 